[Locked In Despair]

Start: Player wakes up in their bed again. Upon observing the room, everything looks older and more withered. The player is barricaded inside their room from the outside, so they open the door with force and break through the barricade. They are greeted with the voice again, who tells the player that they have been asleep for 7 years, or at least the version of them that didn't wake up. The player finds a key to in the study room to open the cupboard within the staircase. In the cupboard there is an old axe which the player uses to break open the barricade at the front door. When the player leaves the house, the voice tells the player that the other version of you hid 7 keys around the forest, finding all 7 keys would let the player open the gate surrounding the forest and escape. When the player picks up the first key (or goes to far out), the Unver will start hunting the player.

Key 1 (Remember the past): This key is found on the wooden bench that the player went to at the prologue. This connects to remembering the past because it represents what the player did 7 years ago.

Key 2 (Learn who you were): This key is found back inside the house within the barricaded storage room on the second floor. The player uses the axe to break the barricade. After opening the door to the storage room, the player is greeted with the other version of themself, dead and withered, a corpse. The corpse is holding a note in their hand. The note gives information about what happened to the other self and what they experienced before they died. The note also tells the player to "Live the grief that she couldn't.", which hints at how the player is supposed to get the good ending. Across the room, the player will find the second key.

Key 3 (Resist what you couldn't): This key is found in the shed, left from the house. It is found on the table next to an old rifle. This connects to resisting what you couldn't due to how the other version of the player couldn't resist their own death. Walking away with the key away from the rifle represent walking away from death itself.

Key 4 (Fix where it hurts): This key is found next to the old ambulance from the right of the house. This connects to fixing where it hurts from how ambulances represent healing and fixing wounds.

Key 5 (Breathe in the air): This key is found at a tree, located further up from the shed that the third key was found. This connects to breathing in the air from how trees produce oxygen from photosynthesis.

Key 6 (Break through the pain): This key is found inside a safe to the right of the gate. The player must break open the safe with a sledge hammer found in the shed that the third key was found. After smashing the safe 3 times, the safe will break open with the sixth key inside.

Key 7 (Reject the Unver): This key is found with the Unvermeidlich. After collecting the first 6 keys, the player must deactivate the Unver by successfully staring at her. After doing so, the Unver will drop the seventh key and the player can walk up and collect it.

Secret Method (Hint): The player must find a way to blow up the gate. This represents denial due to how the keys represent acceptance.