[Prologue]

Start: Player awakens in their bed after an unusual dream, but everything is different. Their room looks old and the furniture has been changed. It's uncovered that they are in the year 1917, but it's not just that. Everything is dark and cold. The house seems to have been abandoned and is aging to decay. The player, curious and confused, steps outside and is met with a voice of a woman, the voice tells the player that they shouldn't be out here, but the player keeps going. Eventually, they reach an old lamp post and a wooden bench, but before the player could even gather their thoughts, the voice tells them to stop and that there is something behind them. If the player turns around, they will see some sort of phantom; some sort of ghost. The voice tells them that they must either look at the ghost and not look away, or not look at the ghost at all. If the player looks at the ghost and looks away, they will die. If the player waits for the ghost to leave, they will survive.

On Death: The player will be met with a jumpscare and a cutscene of the future of that destiny where they die. They see an early version of the ghost in the distance of the abyss on the ground having some sort of panic attack. When the player gets close to the ghost, the ghost will speak; it's the same voice that was in the player's head. With this, we can assume that the ghost and the voice in our head are one in the same, just in different times and/or possibilities. After the ghost says that she will reset the universe, the ghost snaps and attacks the player. The player then wakes up in their bed, back to where they first woke up. Upon returning to the bench, the voice will say that she knows that you died. She knows that there was a split in the universe, but she can't remember anything that happened in that destiny.

Continuing: As the player walks back towards the house, the voice will state that the ghost is called the "Unvermeidlich" or just the "Unver", which means the inevitable and the unchanged in German. She also states that the Unver has been in this world for a lot longer than even she has and that whoever the Unver once was had been disbanded for a very long time. Once the player reaches the house, the voice tells them to go back to sleep. The player oblidges and upon interacting with the bed again, the player will fade to black and another cutscene will play.